frontend/README.md, before:

# Address Book Frontend

## Ideas

- We can have multiple different features with reusable componentes.
- Login page will need a controlled form with username, password, submit (inputs stored in state)
- Submit button sends a post request to the backend 
- Returns a token that we can use to authenticate the user

- Folder structure: Components folder, inside of which there is a folder for each component that would hold the jsx file and css (if we are using CSS - option to use tailwind?)
- Option to use Nextjs 

To run frontend from the terminal:

cd frontend 

cd addressbook 
npm install vite
npm run dev

This will load the following components in order: 
-App.jsx 
-LandingPage.jsx 
-Nav.jsx 
    -SearchBar.jsx loads inside the Nav component 
-Main.jsx

Troubleshooting: 
-When running the frontend by itself running "npm run dev" from the "frontend" directory will result in an error of vite not being found. To correct this from the "frontend" directory in the terminal run "cd addressbook" and then "npm run dev". 
-Search results will always be saved to a second piece of recoil state to be viewed in the Main Component.

Commit message:

updated readme.md for PR change requests

frontend/README.md, after:

# Address Book Frontend

## Ideas

- We can have multiple different features with reusable componentes.
- Login page will need a controlled form with username, password, submit (inputs stored in state)
- Submit button sends a post request to the backend 
- Returns a token that we can use to authenticate the user

- Folder structure: Components folder, inside of which there is a folder for each component that would hold the jsx file and css (if we are using CSS - option to use tailwind?)
- Option to use Nextjs 

# Getting Started #

To run the front end application in a unix terminal:  

**Change into the addressbook directory**  
```cd frontend/addressbook```  

**Install Vite npm package**  
```npm install vite```  
**Run npm install to install project dependencies found in package.json in the addressbook directory**  
```npm install```  

**To run the development hotreloads**  
```npm run dev```  

Then copy the localhost url into your browser
example:
<!-- <p><img src="./addressbook/src/styles/localhosturl.png" width="220" height="240" /></p> -->
![Screen Shot 2023-05-16 at 5 57 37 PM](https://github.com/JEub/dev-this-address-book/assets/106626020/53d27912-b60a-4ffb-9eec-24604d05371f)

## Troubleshooting: ## 
* When running the frontend by itself running "npm run dev" from the "frontend" directory will result in an error of vite not being found. To correct this from the "frontend" directory in the terminal run "cd addressbook" and then "npm run dev"  
* Search results will always be saved to a second piece of recoil state to be viewed in the Main Component.
